---
layout: post
title: Resume
bigimg: /img/ai.jpg
---

### Juyeon. Heo

_Seoul, Korea 151-770_

_heojuyeon12@gmail.com_

# _Education_

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 2014 - present   Sungkyunkwan University (SKKU), Seoul, Korea
Global Business Administration, Software (Creative Informatics).

 * Working towards bachelors, in 4rd grade, Planning graduate in July, 2018  GPA : 3.9/4.5

 * Taking all business lectures in English and participating in over 120 team projects.

 * Data structure and algorithm, Web development, Java Programming, Basic of Informatics and so on

 * Ability in Java in programming and Python (Keras, Tensorflow) for data mining and analysis.

# _Experience_	

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 2017.5 – 2017.9 	Internship in research lab – Machine learning (NLP) 

 * Internship as a member of research lab of the professor Gunchang Lee, SKKU. Researching the papers about machine learning, studying the algorithms of models and comparing the accuracy with open source projects. 

 * Writing article as a lead author suggesting novel methods in feature selection of sentiment analysis considering unique characteristics of Korean. Crawling the online reviews in 4 domains including entertainment, movie from various sources such as Twitter, Google play store. Increasing the accuracy fast with a few number of features with two suggested novel methods based on hybrid approaches in feature selection.

* **Click [Here](http://juyeonheo12.github.io/machine_learning) for the detail.**

### 2017.10 – present 	Internship in research lab – Deep learning (Health)

 * Assisting Professor Taesup Moon of information engineering, SKKU as a member of research center. After having the knowledge of deep learning, collaborating with brain research team, Professor Choon-wan Woo, SKKU, to make models for making accurate diagnosis of the degree of pain with fMRI using deep learning methods. Preprocessing the data with normalization considering the characteristics of data and conducting experiments to making models with high performance.
 
* **Click [Here](http://juyeonheo12.github.io/deep_learning) for the detail.**

### 2016.12 - 2017.4   Application of AI in real business case – Industry-university project

 * As the team leader, leading the team to win the first prize at the consulting competition held by the rental-car company. Suggesting business model increasing the profit of rental car-company, which integrates long-term rent and short-term car sharing. Using prediction model of car usage patterns with machine learning. For the analysis, collecting the data, clustering with K-means and model was trained with Random forest. It was evaluated as cost effective proposal with novel approach of using data to increase realistic possibility.
 
 * **Click [Here](http://juyeonheo12.github.io/application) for the detail.**
 
 ### 2016.3 – present  Online lectures – Stanford CS231n, University of Washinton machine learning(Coursera) 
 
 * Taking the online lectures about machine learning and computer vision with deep learning. Completing the core part of assignments. In machine learning lecture, finished the assignment of regression, classification courses, and In CS231n, finished assignment 1,2 and working on 3. On extra part, trying to explore other options of feature extraction in the open sources and test to find best option on CIFAR-10 datasets. 

### 2016.8 – 2016.11  mHealth app for panic disorder

 * Designing the mHealth app for the patient with panic disorder and write a paper. Researching the related papers, selecting the model for mental health to prove 4 research questions. Making the UI and prototyping the app for panic disorder. Testing the usability with PSSUQ test and verifying the research questions with FGI and analyzing the result with statistical analysis.  

 * Working with exchange students from 4 countries and evaluating and giving feedback to the each apps. Having a meeting every week and studying UX and health app. 

* **Click [Here](http://juyeonheo12.github.io/application) for the detail.**

2016.3 – 2017.5  Graduation thesis for business - Kakao’s O2O penetration
	

### 2015. 3  	5th award in competition - New card model of Hyundai investment bank 

 * Suggested new card that is fun and emphasize its core competence: high interest, for widening its target to 2030. Analyzed target’s trend from popular contents and products to create card that users can feel their high interest directly by using it on games and buying small gifts.
 
 * **Click [Here](http://juyeonheo12.github.io/business) for the detail.**
 
